[Music]
you're a bartender by trade and
obviously the bar part is
self-explanatory what about the tender
part of the job the ten topology of is
being close to your customers gotta give
everybody a little kiss on the cheek
sometimes you know well that's when you
speak to people and you hear their
problems and you're tender their
feelings are people still coming to
bartenders with their problems
oh yes they do they do yes oh wait do
you feel like you can help them not at
all but I fake it as much as I can
would you rather have a bottle opener
permanently installed in your armpit or
the ability to dispense club soda out of
your nose club soda out the nose just
drink it such a good choice yeah it's
good I mean it's just recycling no I'm
gonna go with the big bottle opener
bottle up there yeah Oh oops around my
nose man that's how I feel yeah it's
just disgusting and refreshing at the
same time can you spell the word
daiquiri
oh no Dai TR I ca I don't know I don't I
don't make them we don't make we have a
guide bar gonna make you a daiquiri
because see we gotta go go someplace
else another daiquiri
can you spell daiquiri no I can barely
spell my own name d8q you are up close
in the listen up a qu i RI yeah almost
almost
just one little i short yeah really yeah
dai q UI are
da c qu r IE right I'm in Bigfoot what
is your stance on the tiny umbrella I
love them I like it
greatest garnish ever invented do people
still use tiny umbrellas in LA now in
Brooklyn I actually like the tiny
umbrella I think it looks very nice in a
pina colada and then you could charge a
little extra when you put the umbrella
in there I think outdoors it makes more
sense than indoors why is it keeping
something keeping the Sun from melting
your ice I think so that lights there I
think that's the purpose of it yeah do
you ever lie to customers so you don't
have to make their drink every day every
single day constantly yes well a lot of
times you know the blend is not working
the blenders not working that's I can
shake it for you but but they don't want
to shake so I know that so I decide
what's the most annoying way customers
try to get your attention
[Music]
when they scream yellow of course the
bar that's the worst
Yoos no good it was no good they think
because they're from Brooklyn they could
go yo-yo but it doesn't work is one yell
better than two yos the more yo the
worse so yo yo yo yo yo yo is horrible
you'll never get a drink once you pass
the - yo is you're out - bartenders to
Brooklyn thank you the real Brooklyn
Smirnoff number 21 vodka the answer to
all of life's ridiculous questions
[Applause]